document how to enable lambdas (#1245)
MicroEJ/docs: SDK6UserGuide/howtos/enableLambdas.rst

.. _sdk_6_enable_lambdas:

> How To Enable Lambdas

Author: Done.

=====================

> Starting from SDK 6 ``1.0.0``, it is possible to use lambdas in the code of your Application. To use lambdas in your project, 

Author: I only talk about Applications in the doc, but I don't know why it does not work with Libraries.

> Starting from SDK 6 ``1.0.0``, it is possible to use lambdas in the code of your Application. To use lambdas in your project, 

Author: As discussed, lambdas are incompatible with Architecture 7, so there is no issue with Libraries if an Architecture 8.0.0 minimum is used.

you can enabled them as follows:

.. note::
  
   An Architecture version ``8.0.0`` or higher is required to use lambdas in your code.

> - A JDK 8 must be provided. By default Gradle will use the JDK available locally, but it can be configured to automatically download one by applying the `Foojay Toolchains Plugin <https://github.com/gradle/foojay-toolchains>`__ in the ``settings.gradle.kts`` file of your project::

Author: I removed this part from the Runtime page and I added a new "Java Lambdas" appendice in which I detail why the plugin is required.

.. _sdk_6_enable_lambdas:

How To Enable Lambdas
=====================

> Starting from SDK 6 ``1.0.0``, it is possible to use lambdas in the code of your Application. To use lambdas in your project, 
> you can enabled them as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from SDK 6 ``1.0.0``, it is possible to use Java lambdas in the code of your Application. This feature is disabled by default, you can enabled it as follows:
```

Author: Done.
